	1. LLMs can be fined tuned on specific tasks with relatively smaller datasets, reducing the computational resources need and improving performance
	2. Architectures such as GPT-3 are also significantly larger than the original transfomer model. For instance, the original transformer repeated the encoder and decoder six times. GPT-3 has 96 transfomer layers and 175 billion parameters in total.
	3. The ability to perform tasks that the model wasn't expliclity trained to perform is called an emergent behavior.
	4. THE THREE MAIN STAGES OF CODING AN LLM ARE IMPLEMENTING 
	i. Data preparation process
	ii. Pretraining an LLM to create a foundation model (Stage 2)
	iii. Fine-tuning the foundation model to become personal assitant or text classifier.
	5. Modern LLMs are trained in two main steps:
	i. First, they are pretrained on a large corpus of unlabeled text by using the prediction of the next word in a sentence as a label.
	ii. Then, they are fined tuned on a smaller, labeled target dataset to follow instruction or perfrom classfiication tasks.
	6. A data pipeline is a series of processes that move and transform data from one or more sources to a destination where it can be stored, analyzed or used
	7. The concept of converting data into a vector format is often referred to as embedding.
	8. Several algorithms and frameworks have been developed to generate word embeddings. One of the earlier and most popular examples is the Word2Vec approach.
	9. The main idea behind Word2Vec is that words tha appear in similar contexts tend to have similar meanings.
	10. This simple tokenization schme mostly wokrs for separating the example text into individual words; however some words are still connected to punctuation characters that we want to have as separate list entries.
	11. Sentence or paragraph embeddings are popular choices for retrieval-agumented generation.
	12. The advantage of optiimizing the embeddings as part of the LLM training instead of using Word2Vec I that the embeddings are optimized to the specific task and data at hand.
	13. The tokenizer is the component that converts raw text into a sequnce of tokens- the basic units that a language model actually processes. LLMs don't read text character by character or word by word, the read tokens.
	14. To map the previously generated tokens into token IDs, we have to build a vocabulary first. This vocabulary defines how we map each unique word and special character to a unique integer.
	15. Byte pair encoding
	16. The BPE tokenizer was used to train LLMs such as GPT-2, GPT-3 and the original model used in ChatGPT.
	17. The algorithm underlying BPE breaks down words that aren't in its predefined vocabulary into smaller subword units or even individuals characters, enabling it ot handle out-of -vocabulary words.
	18. There's only one more task before we can turn the tokens into embeddings: implementing an efficient data loader that iterates over the input dataset and returns the inputs and targets as pyTorch tensors, which can be thought of as multidimensional arrays. In particular, we are interested in returning two tensors: an input tensor containing the text that the LLM sees and a target tensor that. Includes the targets for the LLM to predict, as depicte, as depicted.
	19. A minor shortcoming of LLLMs is that their self-attention mechanism doesn't have a notion of position or oder for the tokens within a sequence.
	20. OpenAI's GPT models use absolute positional embeddings that are optimized during the training process rather than being fixed or predefined like the positional encodings in the original transformer model.
	
	
